# Reading 10 - In Memory Storage

[Source: The  JavaScript Call Stack - What it is and why it's necessary](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/understanding-the-javascript-call-stack-861e41ae61d4)

## Q1 What is a ‘call’?

A "call" is a function invokation

## Q2 How many ‘calls’ can happen at once?

One

## Q3 What does LIFO mean?

Last In, First Out

## Q4 Draw an example of a call stack and the functions that would need to be invoked to generate that call stack.

[FunctionA]
[FunctionB]
[FuncitonC]
[FunctionD]

FunctionA would need to be called first, followed by FunctionB then FunctionC then finally FunctionD

## Q5 What causes a Stack Overflow?

A stack overflow occurs when a function calls itself without an exit point.

[Source: JavaScript error messages and debugging](https://codeburst.io/javascript-error-messages-debugging-d23f84f0ae7c)

## Q6 What is a ‘reference error’?

This is when you try to use a variable that is not yet defined

## Q7 What is a ‘syntax error’?

This is when you have something that cannot be parsed in terms of syntax.

## Q8 What is a ‘range error’?

This is when an invalid length is used

## Q9 What is a ‘type error’?

This is when the types (number, string, etc.) are incompatable or undefined

## Q10 What is a breakpoint?

A breakpoint is a point in the code where the debugger should pause or stop the execution of the program. This lets you see how (or if) the program is running up to that point.

## Q11 What does the word ‘debugger’ do in your code?

A *debugger* statement lets you see the history before reaching the breakpoint, to see at which lines a function was called and with what arguments.