# Reading 3 - Passing Functions as Props

## Lists and Keys

[Source: React Docs](https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html)

### Q1 What does .map() return?

.map() returns a new array

### Q2 If I want to loop through an array and display each value in JSX, how do I do that in React?

Inside a the render() method of a react component, loop though the array (using the .map() function or another looping mechanism) and return new JSX elements for each item.

### Q3 Each list item needs a unique ____.

key

### Q4 What is the purpose of a key?

Keys help React identify which items have changed, are added, or are removed.

## The Spread Operator

[Source: MDN Web Docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Spread_syntax)

### Q5 What is the spread operator?

The spread operator looks identical to the rest operator (...), and it lets you expand iterables (like arrays and strings) into their individual elements.

### Q6 List 4 things that the spread operator can do.

1. Copy an array

2. Concatenate arrays

3. Copying and merging objects

4. Conditionally adding items to an object

### Q7 Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two arrays.

let arr1 = [1, 2, 3];

let arr2 = [4, 5, 6];

arr1 = [...arr1, ...arr2]

arr1 is now [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6]

### Q8 Give an example of using the spread operator to add a new item to an array.

let isSummer = false;

const fruits = ["apple", "banana", ...(isSummer ? "watermelon" : [])];

This will add the string "watermelon" to the array isSummer only if isSummer evaluates to true. Otherwise it will spread an empty array, so nothing is added.

### Q9 Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two objects into one.

const obj1 = {foo: "bar", x: 42};
const obj2 = {bar: "baz", y: 13};

const mergedObj = {...obj1, ...obj2};

This will make the new mergedObj equal to {foo: "bar", x: 42, bar: "baz", y:13}