# Reading 12 - CRUD

[Source: Moesif](https://www.moesif.com/blog/technical/api-design/Which-HTTP-Status-Code-To-Use-For-Every-CRUD-App/)

## Q1 In your own words, describe what each group of status code represents:

- 100’s = Informational. These update the user of the status or expected result of the request.

- 200’s = Success. The request was successful, or at least successful so far.

- 300’s = Redirection. The user needs to send another request to another location.

- 400’s = Client error. There was an error on the user's end that caused the request to be invalid.

- 500’s = Server error. The server encountered an error or wasn't able to fulfill the request.

## Q2 What is a status code 202?

Accepted. Used for async, this means the request was successful so far, but the response will finish in the future.

## Q3 What is a status code 308?

Permanent redirect. Another URL is needed to access the resource.

## Q4 What code would you use if an update didn’t return data to a client?

204 - No Content

## Q5 What code would you use if a resource used to exist but no longer does?

410 - Gone

## Q6 What is the ‘Forbidden’ status code?

403 - This means the client doesn't have the required permissions

[Source: Web Dev Simplified](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFbNIlppjAuEX4znoulh0Cw)

## Q7 Why do we need to pull our MongoDB database string out of our server and put it into our .env?

Because it is sensitive information that should be kept hidden

## Q8 What is middleware?

Code that runs when the server gets a request, but before it gets passed to routes

## Q9 What does app.use(express.json()) do?

Lets the server accept json as a body

## Q10 What does the /:id mean in a route?

The / means the root, the : signifies a parameter, and id means one

## Q11 What is the difference between PUT and PATCH?

Patch updates just the information that is passed
Put updates all

## Q12 How do you make a default value in a schema?

Add a key-value pair where the key is "defaut" and the value is whatever the default value should be. For example, default: Date.now

## Q13 What does a 500 error status code mean?

A 500 error means the the error was on the server end, not the user end.

## Q14 What is the difference between a status 200 and a status 201?

200 is default success message, means everything is successful.
201 means successfully created an object, more specific

## Things I want to know more about

Of the things that we've been using, which things come from express and are not native to vanilla javascript?