# Reading 5 - Putting it all together

[Source: React Docs](https://react.dev/learn/thinking-in-react)

## Q1 What is the single responsibility principle and how does it apply to components?

The single responsibility principle, when applied to components, means that a component should only do one thing. 

## Q2 What does it mean to build a ‘static’ version of your application?

A static version just renders the UI without any interactivity. They have componenets that reuse other components and pass data via props.

## Q3 Once you have a static application, what do you need to add?

State

## Q4 What are the three questions you can ask to determine if something is state?

Something is state if it:

1. Changes over time

2. Isn't passed in from a parent via props

3. Can't be computed based on existing state or props

## Q5 How can you identify where state needs to live?

Identify all of the componenets that render something based on that state, and find their closest common parent component.

[Source: Eloquent JavaScript](https://eloquentjavascript.net/05_higher_order.html#h_xxCc98lOBK)

## Q6 What is a “higher-order function”?

A higher-order function is a function that operates on another function, either by taking them as arguments or returning them.

## Q7 Explore the greaterThan function as defined in the reading. In your own words, what is line 2 of this function doing?

The second line of the function returns a new function. That new function takes the original value, n, and compares it to the new value, m, passed into the new function. It will return true if m > n.

## Q8 Explain how either map or reduce operates, with regards to higher-order functions.

'Map' is a higher order function that takes in both an array and a callback function as arguements. It returns a new array, that is the same length as the original array, that is populated by the result of applying the callback function on each element of the array.

## Things I want to know more about

How to break up a mockup into components. I followed along with the example, but I feel like I would quickly get confused trying to do it myself.