# MongoDB and Mongoose

[Source: The Geek Stuff - SQL vs NoSQL](https://www.thegeekstuff.com/2014/01/sql-vs-nosql-db/?utm_source=tuicool)

Fill in the chart below with five differences between SQL and NoSQL databases:

| SQL | NoSQL |
|--------|--------|
| AKA Relational Databases (RDBMS) | AKA Non-relational or Distributed Databases|
| Table-based, have standard predefined schema | Documents, key:value pairs, graphs, or wide-column stores, have dynamic schema|
| Vertically scalable | Horizontally scalable |
| Use SQL (Structured Query Language) | Use UnQL (Unstructured Query Language), syntax varies |
| Examples: MySql, Oracle, Sqlite, Postgres and MS-SQL | Examples: MongoDB, BigTable, Redis, RavenDb, Cassandra, Hbase, Neo4j and CouchDb |

## Q1 What kind of data is a good fit for an SQL database?

An SQL database is a good fit for complex queries, structured data, and compliance to ACID properties (Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability)

## Q2 Give a real world example.

A banking app, where data consistency is prioritized

## Q3 What kind of data is a good fit a NoSQL database?

A NoSQL database is a good fit for unstructured data with a variety of data types and high-throughput data amounts.

## Q4 Give a real world example.

Social media app, where a variety of data types and structures are used.

## Q5 Which type of database is best for hierarchical data storage?

NoSQL

## Q6 Which type of database is best for scalability?

NoSQL

[Source: YouTube - Academind](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZS_kXvOeQ5Y&ab_channel=Academind)

## Q1 What does SQL stand for?

Structured Query Language

## Q2 What is a relational database?

A database which:

- Supports the structured query language (SQL)

- Works with tables

- Tables have fields (columns), and every new entry is a new record (rows), and no row can have more or fewer columns

- Multiple related tables

## Q3 What type of structure does a relational database work with?

Tables

## Q4 What is a ‘schema’?

A way to define the structure and relationships betwen the data (the tables, columns, data types, relationships between tables, etc.)

## Q5 What is a NoSQL database?

A NoSQL database, MongoDB for example, that don't follow strict schema

## Q6 How does it work?

NoSQL databases work by having flexible schema and different data models such as document databases (like JSON), key-value, column-family, or graph.

## Q7 What is inside of a MongoDB database?

Inside a MongoDB are collections, documents, and indexes. A collection is like a table but more flexible. Documents are individual entries like a row in a table. Indexes are how the data is retreived

## Q8 Which is more flexible - SQL or MongoDB? and why.

MongoDB, because the data doesn't have to conform to the strict schema of SQL

## Q9 What is the disadvantage of a NoSQL database?

You will have duplicates of some data, which will slow down the queries. It will also mean you will have to update data in multiple places.

## Things I want to know more about

What are examples where a company might use both SQL and NoSQL databases? What would be used for each, and would the two be able to communicate with each other?