# Reading 7 - Node.js

[Source: An Introduction to Node.js on sitepoint.com](https://www.sitepoint.com/an-introduction-to-node-js/)

## Q1 What is node.js?

Node.js is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. That is, it is a program that can be used to execute JavaScript on our computers.

## Q2 In your own words, what is Chrome’s V8 JavaScript Engine?

Chrome's V8 JavaScript Engine is an open-source JS engine that was developed by Google that compiles JS straight to machine code directly.

## Q3 What does it mean that node is a JavaScript runtime?

It means that Node.js is an environment where JavaScript can be run on the outside of a web browser.

## Q4 What is npm?

Npm is a package manager that comes bundled with Node.

## Q5 What version of node are you running on your machine?

v20.5.1

## Q6 What version of npm are you running on your machine?

9.8.0

## Q7 What command would you type to install a library/package called ‘jshint’?

npm install -g jshint

## Q8 What is node used for?

Node is used for installing and running build tools designed to automate the process of developing a JavaScript application

[Source: 6 Reasons for Pair Programming](https://www.codefellows.org/blog/6-reasons-for-pair-programming/)

## Q9 What are the 6 reasons for pair programming?

1. Greater efficiency

2. Engaged collaboration

3. Learning from fellow students

4. Social skills

5. job interview readiness

6. Work environment readiness

## Q10 In your experience, which of these reasons have you found most beneficial?

I would say the most beneficial would be learning from fellow students. Even if it's material I feel fairly confident on - but especially when it's material I don't feel confident on - I'm always learn new things I didn't know you can do when we pair program

## Q11 How does pair programming work?

One person will be the Driver, whose job it is to type out the code. The other person is the Navigator, who instructs the Driver how the code should be written and reviews for errors.

## Things I want to learn more about

How does axios and the other dependencies we've used fit into the larger picture? What, exactly, does each dependency do?