# Reading  6 - REST

[Source: What Google Learned From Its Quest to Build the Perfect Team](https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/28/magazine/what-google-learned-from-its-quest-to-build-the-perfect-team.html)

## Q1 To what extent did psychological safety impact your previous work experience?

Psychological safety had a large impact on my previous work experience, because there was a small handfull of individuals who did not make people feel psychologically safe. This had a large impact on the workplace culture and turnover rate, and it also prevented us from speaking up about it to management to fix the problem.

## Q2 How does this article inform your approach to working with others moving forward?

This article really emphasizes that being nice is worth the time. Even if sometimes patience and politeness can feel inefficient, it's still worthwhile to be as kind as you can at work because teams that are supported are more effective.

[Source: How I explained REST to my brother](https://gist.github.com/brookr/5977550)

## Q3 Who is Roy Fielding?

A computer scientist who helped write the HTTP specification

## Q4 Why don’t the techniques that we use in this class work well when we need to be able to talk to all of the machines in the world?

Because they weren't designed that way. Most of the techniques developers used to get computers to talk to each other weren't concernred with talking to all machines in the world.

## Q5 What is the HTTP protocol that Fielding and his friends created?

HTTP is a protocol (set of rules and conventions) that web browsers or other software use to request and exchange resourses.

## Q6 What does a GET do?

A GET method retrieves information from another system

## Q7 What does a POST do?

A POST method adds information to another system

## Q8 What does PUT do?

A PUT method replaces information in another system

## Q9 What does PATCH do?

A PATCH method partially updates information in another system

## Things I want to know more about

What are things that we have learned about that are NOT a part of the "RESTful" style?