# Reading 2 - Basics of HTML, CSS, and JS

## HTML

### Q1 Why is it important to use semantic elements in our HTML?

Semantic elements are important to communicate the function of different elements.

[Source](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/HTML_text_fundamentals#the_basics_headings_and_paragraphs)

### Q2 How many levels of headings are there in HTML?

6, h1 through h6

[Source](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/HTML_text_fundamentals#the_basics_headings_and_paragraphs)

### Q3 What are some uses for the <sup> and <sub> elements?

Sup is used for superscript - For example exponents in math, the th in 25th,

Sub is for subscript - For example the 2 in H2O

[Source](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Advanced_text_formatting#superscript_and_subscript)

### Q4 When using the <abbr> element, what attribute must be added to provide the full expansion of the term?

The "title" element must be added to provide the full expansion of the term.

[Source](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Advanced_text_formatting#abbreviations)

## CSS

### Q5 What are ways we can apply CSS to our HTML?

[Source]()

### Q6 Why should we avoid using inline styles?

### Q7 Review the block of code below and answer the following questions:

#### A - What is representing the selector?

#### B - Which components are the CSS declarations?

#### C -Which components are considered properties?

## JS

### Q8 What data type is a sequence of text enclosed in single quote marks?

### Q9 List 4 types of JavaScript operators.

### Q10 Describe a real world Problem you could solve with a Function.

### Q11 An if statement checks a __ and if it evaluates to ___, then the code block will execute.

### Q12 What is the use of an else if?

### Q13 List 3 different types of comparison operators.

### Q14 What is the difference between the logical operator && and ||?

