# Reading 1 - Intro to HTML

## Q1 Compose a short poem describing how HTTP sends data between computers.

Browser requests the
Info from the server and
It's sent back in chunks

## Q2 Describe how HTML, CSS, and JS files are “parsed” in the browser.

Parsing essentially means translating into a usable format. Occurs in a specific order.

HTML is parsed first. It sees style and script tags, and requests that information and parses it once it comes back.

Browser generates DOM tree from parsed HTML, CSSOM from parsed CSS, then compiles and executes parsed JS.

## Q3 How can you find images to add to a Website?

There are many places, Google Images is good and they have a copyright filter to select something you can use.

## Q4 How do you create a String vs a Number in JavaScript?

A string is text in quotations. Can be single quotes, double, or backticks. 

Ex: 'This is a string'

A number is any typed out number. Can't be in quotes or written out in words.

Ex: 42

## Q5 What is a Variable and why are they important in JavaScript?

A variable is a stored piece of data. They are necessary to do anything interesting. Being changable (using let) makes it possible to be interactive.

-----

## Q6 What is an HTML attribute?

An HTML attribute is extra information about an element. An example would be "class".

## Q7 Describe the Anatomy of an HTMl element.

An HTML element will have an opening tag, a closing tag, and the content which goes between them.

## Q8 What is the Difference between <article> and <section> element tags?

An article tag denotes a block of content that makes sense on its own. A section tag denotes groups of related content.

## Q9 What Elements does a “typical” website include?

A typical website will have a header, a navigation bar, the main content (which may be broken up into articles and sections), a sidebar, and a footer.

## Q10 How does metadata influence Search Engine Optimization?

Metadata is data about the HTML, such as the author, and important keywords that describe the document. This is waht the search engines will look for.

Metadata is data that describes data.


## Q11 How is the <meta> HTML tag used when specifying metadata?

The meta tag is how metadata is added to the head of a website.

Ex: <meta charset="UTF-8">

----


## Q12 What is the first step to designing a Website?

When designing a website, the first step is project ideation (figuring out what you want the website to do and how)

## Q13 What is the most important question to answer when designing a Website?

"What exactly do I want to accomplish?"

-----

## Q14 Why should you use an <h1> element over a <span> element to display a top level heading?

Span elemets do not change the visual appearance. A h1 tag will automatically format a top leavel heading.

https://linuxhint.com/html-span-tag/

## Q15 What are the benefits of using semantic tags in our HTML?

Semantic tags defines the meaning of the text. There are ~100 semantic tags to choose from.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Semantics

----

## Q16 Describe 2 things that require JavaScript in the Browser?

Anything interactive requires JS. This includes updating content and an interactive map.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/First_steps/What_is_JavaScript

## Q17 How can you add JavaScript to an HTML document?

JavaScript is added to an HTML doc by linking to a JS file in the head of the HTML doc.

## Things to Look into Further:

What exactly is an API and how does it relate to JS?